You welcome, everybody, today to today's team meeting. Thank you very much for attending. We are due to run today from 230 until 03:00, so I am aware that we're quite tight on time, so I have put together an agenda for us to work through so that we can get through the topics that we need to cover as we have a rotational minute taker at all of our meetings. Morgan will be taking the minutes of today's meeting. Amy, you will be taking the minutes at our next meeting, so thank you.
As I said before, this is a great chance to kind of hone those minute taking skills, so please do take up this opportunity in an informal setting that we're in at the moment. So our first agenda item, then is apologies. So I do have apologies from Emma. She's unable to attend today as she's already at another meeting this morning. I don't have any apologies from Charles.
Has anybody seen him? Yeah, I did see him in the kitchen making a cup of tea, so I'm sure he won't be long. That's fine. Not a problem. We are quite short of time, so I am going to make a start on the meeting anyway, if that's okay.
Our second agenda item, then is team updates. So we're just going to spend a couple of minutes providing a bit of an update to each other on our key priorities and work that we've got going on at the moment. Morgan, could we start with you, please? Yeah. So I've completed my blog, so that will go up soon.
The print place on Tuesday. That's okay. We're just having a bit of an update at the moment on people's key priorities and where they're at with their work. So Morgan's just giving us his update first. Yes.
So I've completed my blog and that will go online soon. The apprentice networking event was set up and took place on Tuesday. Any reports? Had no errors, which is really good. And that's all my updates this week.
Okay, fantastic. Thank you very much. And Amy, could we have your update, please? Yes. So just to say that the welcome to Kill is at full capacity, so we'll need to get another one.
Yeah. And that concludes my update. Fantastic. That's brilliant. Thank you very much, Amy.
Charles, can we have your update, please? Yeah, I thought I'd take the opportunity to give her on an update on our project plan, so what actions we have. If you've got any comments or any feedback, if you want to get in touch with me, then I'll be able to take them on board. Lovely. Thank you very much, Charles, for that update.
I do have a bit of an update as well, so I went to a meeting on Monday and we discussed some new training that we're going to be providing. Finally, I do have a strategic update to give to you, but that's part of a wider team update. I will do that following a wider team meeting that was going to take place in a couple of weeks. Has anybody got any questions at all regarding any of those updates? No?
Thank you. So we'll move on to agenda item three, the OD operating plan. I did issue you all this in our last team meeting and asked you to all to have a look at it. So thank you very much because I do know that you've done that. This is a great document now so that we can use this as showing what we've got going on in the coming year and our provision that we're going to be providing.
Has anybody got any questions at all about this document? No, just feedback. I think it's a really good dynamic document and I think it will help us plan things throughout the year. Fantastic, lovely. Thank you very much.
But can I just ask, how does it meet the appraisal objectives? So the tasks that you are completing within the document, they are individual tasks, but I will build that into the appraisal meeting as part of the wider objectives that you were set in your last meeting. Thank you. Yeah. Does that make sense?
Yeah. Thank you. Any more questions at all? No. Okay, if we could move on to our next agenda item then, which is the OD website.
Amy, have you got an update on that? Yeah, so just to say that the OD website is due to go live next month, I've made some updates in terms of the program of events, it's going to be continually updated so staff can see what workshops are going to be booked in on an ongoing basis. That sounds fantastic. Thank you very much. I have seen it and it does look really good.
Is there anything that we need to do to help you with that at all? It'd be really useful if you could just take some time out just to review it and see if there's any issues and queries and just get back to me. That'd be great. Thank you. No problem.
Morgan, could you drop that as an action for everybody, please, for the next meeting and then we'll update to Amy during our next meeting. Our next agenda item then workshop numbers. Morgan, could you provide an update on those, please? Yes, I have the workshop numbers for the month ahead, so we've got Inclusive Leadership on the fifth with ten books to date. Assertiveness is on the 7th with twelve books on the 19th.
We have excel introduction with only three I'm not sure what you want me to do with that one. I deliver that workshop, so if we can perhaps give it a week and review it the next team meeting, that'd be really good. Yeah, I'll make an effort to review it next week. We have Career Planning on the 22nd, which has eight people, so we can review that again next week. And the final one is project management on the 29th.
It's fully booked and with five people on the waiting list, will I deliver on that workshop, Morgan? So could we look at getting another one booked in for the beginning of next month, please? Yeah, that's why I'll make a note that's all the numbers for the next four weeks, and any queries in the meantime, just let me know. That's great. Lovely.
Thank you very much, Morgan, for bridging that update. So our final agenda item, then, is any other business? So has anybody got anything they want to bring up or discuss that we haven't already mentioned? As you all know, Ice on the charity committee, and we've been asked with some creative ideas for events to run next year. So I thought maybe, as we're all together, we could take the opportunity to brainstorm a few things, take forward.
Okay. I think that's a great consideration that we need to make. I would love to get involved in some of those events. I don't think we have the time to look at that today, unfortunately, because we are quite short on time. Morgan, could you put that down as an action, please, for us to look out ready for the next meeting.
And if we could all look into that and get back to Charles when we meet again, that would be great. Is that okay? Yeah, that's really good. Thank you. Lovely.
Thank you. Is there anything anybody else wants to mention in no? Okay, that's everything from me. I don't have anything else to add except thank you very much for all your hard work. If we could all meet again next week, that would be lovely.
I will be in touch to extend that meeting so that we have enough time to allow for the discussion on the charity events. Morgan, if you could circulate the actions by the end of the day, that would be great. So we've all got time to look at those ready for the next meeting? Yeah, we'll do. Lovely.
Thank you very much for attending, everybody. Thank you.
